hey guys welcome to my channel this vlog
is about my new life I am moving into
filmmaking / producing / acting and
we're going to just go once again I'm
thinking of change of career full time
filmmaker producer actor whatever I just
took a tour in New York Film Academy and
I'm like women sending students here but
I'm like I want to experience it myself
all of the actors they just come here
and give speeches and top professionals
from the industry they come here look at
all of the cameras I'm getting this one
on Black Friday hoping to get some
discounts and remove the same lens but
they have like all kinds of stuff this
red camera is used to film all of the
coolest films in the world was am Ben
Stiller came here gave an autograph what
is a him this is so exciting you know
what's the most exciting thing about it
I've walked into here and I realized
I've done tech I don't like math
economics but Hollywood is a completely
new world for me and I was so excited I
can actually get it another example
Michael Douglas came here and gave a
speech for students we've also got some
presents from the school look at this
approach to merch like this is how
emerge to look like something that you
really want to wear imagine you will
walk out of the school and you're like
thinking where should I work after
graduate and you look across the street
Warner Brothers head office Frank
Sinatra actually used those studios to
record his songs and one of our the
studio
is that way and Universal Studios that
way so we are in the center of
filmmaking of the full world
I'm waiting for my friend to show me the
apartments that are close to here
[Music]
you're under arrest I just passed my
theory test to get my California
driver's license I didn't have an
appointment so I just came to the DMV
which is right behind me
I waited for couple of hours in line I
took the test I took it in Russian
because in Russian they only have like
three options of test and I found them
online and I learned them by heart so I
came in there it took me 10 minutes to
pass the test and yep so bro my green
card
I brought my letters so that I can prove
my address and yes Here I am now I have
my driver's permit that allows me to
drive with a California driver's license
holder but I guess in a couple of weeks
I'm gonna come here and do the actual
practices all right now it's all
official I'm going to study filmmaking
in New York Film Academy it's a six-week
course in December in and January I'm
gonna be a professional filmmaker we're
gonna study how to create sequences how
to create really interesting shows and
yes I'm starting to become all
professional this is my life for my
youtube videos and we gonna get a new
cam really soon I'm waiting for Black
Friday and let's go do some shopping
together we are off to
and camera shop to get a new camera
I'm good I'm good $500 discount like
ready I'm come home I'm gonna shoot a
video and you camera gonna see the whole
difference the funniest thing they're
gonna say no marina we don't see any
difference just film on Kenji's have an
X I'm so excited look at this baby
hopefully my lens that is at home um I
hope it works cuz I don't have a lens
right now fingers crossed
another great thing guys today we're
celebrating 150,000 subscribers on my
lingual marina channel 150,000 people
thank you so much I love every single
person every single subscriber thank you
so much for following me and if you
could also follow me on Instagram I love
you more right now thank you that's
that's an amazing thing
having 150,000 people it's a face
control area look
I'm in I'm in Costco you know that's why
I'm so always hello darkness my old
friend
when I first came to the state's one to
Costco and this is what my this was my
first shopping experience in the state
no nak you know everything is in bundle
you can invite just like in my camera
but you can't invite just you know just
fans you have to buy five fans this
all-american big size and right now
there's holiday spirit all over this
Thanksgiving is in two days every
everybody goes crazy and
christmas is coming and winter is coming
the ultimate shopping experience
remember guys there was this video where
I told that British people smell so good
British people smell so good
they smell like washing powder in Great
Britain you can definitely feel that
people smell better in America they all
smell really good compared to where I'm
from I know the secret right now the
secret is fabric softeners you add them
to your dryer and they make your cloth
softer and they add amazing
I just got them for $8.00 I've got a
lingua chirp case for my phone to hold
my card if you travel through language
up to one of our schools in the UK you I
see if you travel to il se San Francisco
Zambia West College in LA you're gonna
get those for free if you're a student
and there's something else coming soon
in terms of swag but yeah here's the
first leg so excited
you need a carriage I got all cozy at
home well I'm with you Mike it says
weekend I love you and it's Tuesday
November 30th is my behind the wheel
test and if I fail it I gotta spend
whole December in LA without a car which
is the worst thing in the world because
uber in LA can cost up to $80 per trip
and if you want to go through for one
part overlay to another part of a lake
you can drive up to one hour because
it's a huge city my course starts in two
weeks
and we're gonna study from 9 a.m. to 6
p.m. which is the whole day I have to
somehow manage my company my two blogs
my Instagram vlog and studies that is
gonna be challenging we'll see what's
gonna happen I'm gonna try and vlog I
will just take my camera with me
everywhere thank you so so much for
watching this video let me know whether
you would study filmmaking in LA if you
want to see more vlogs if you have any
questions about studying filmmaking in
LA let me know it down in comments below
if you like vlogs like this video
season by
[Music]